Never ever was there a case that every
skill in any job can be better done by
AI and robotics, which is I think where
we're headed. [music]
>> Hi, Telus.
>> Hi, Miriam.
>> Good to see you again.
>> Good to see you, too. Back here at WSJ's
Take on the Week.
>> I know we had the privilege of spending
a good amount of time together this past
week at WSJ's inaugural WSJ Invest Live
conference. Coming up in a bit, we'll be
get to hear my interview that I did with
General Catalyst CEO Himontia all about
AI and his investment philosophy around
AI. Um,
>> very relevant to what's going on in
software. We'll get to that in a bit.
>> Exactly. But first, we want to talk
about, you know, another big topic that
came up a lot at the conference, which
is our new Federal Reserve chair
nominee, Kevin Walsh.
>> So, now the debate is, okay, well, well,
what's Kevin W? What does that mean?
Obviously, Donald Trump really would
like rates to be super low. The question
about Fed independence, you know, is he
going to name somebody who's definitely
going to do that? And so we asked
people, we actually asked so so the the
the audience at at WSJ Invest Live was
lots of, you know, money managers, you
know, people in the markets, people in
the business, wealth adviserss, and uh
Gunjin Manergy who I co-hosted a panel
with about this uh put a little straw
poll to the audience and she said, "Show
of hands, who thinks Kevin W is a hawk
that's going to, you know, try and raise
interest rates to control inflation? Who
thinks he's a dove?" Right? And so you
would think that the answer would be,
well, obviously he must be a dove if
Trump because that's what Trump wanted
him, right? But here's the thing. First
of all, not a lot of people put their
hand up for either answer, which is I
think interesting. And you know, the few
hands that went up, like a couple more
went up for Hawk, which really gets into
this, you know, the the history of Kevin
Walsh, which is that, you know, there
have been times when he has been very
concerned about the expansion of the Fed
and interest rates. Specifically, he
thinks that um that the expanded balance
sheet has pushed up inflation. He's
talked about lowering that balance
sheet. Now, there have been times when
he's also talked about, you know, maybe
rates should be higher. Now, he says
that maybe rates should be lower. If we
shrink the balance sheet, that takes
pressure off inflation. Then rates can
be lower. Um, you know, that's a big
debate. The thing that that does seem to
be settled to some extent and we heard
this a lot was that Kevin Worsh at least
is is a credible person that to some
extent takes the is the Fed going to be
run by somebody who's just like
a political ideologue um you know to a
lot of investors at least that that we
talked to they thought that agree or
disagree with him that that that he was
a good solid credible choice. He's been
a Fed governor. He's been around these
policy debates for a long time. So, you
know, to that extent, maybe that takes
some of that concern out of the
equation. But I think that just just
because somebody's got the the name and
and it's a person that that Wall Street
feels comfortable with, I don't think
that we're out of the woods on the
volatility from all that.
>> No. And in fact, the minute Kevin Walsh
was named as the nominee, the markets
kind of went haywire. A lot of trades
unwound. We saw gold, which we talked
about last week, um, falling a lot.
Silver fell a lot. um these things that
had really climbed continuously. Um I
mean why do you think it is that those
metals sold off to us?
>> Well, I think it's tempting to connect
that to this this hawkish dovish debate
because in theory gold and silver as you
know commodities are inflation
protection, right? Like if you think
that the Fed is going to slash rates,
drive up inflation, well you would buy
gold or silver to get yourself out of
dollars. So maybe it speaks to
the the the hawkish side of of Kevin
Walsh's views and he wants to shrink the
balance sheet, which I think some people
think is a tightening sort of action.
Maybe that's what played out is a a
little bit of of kind of dialing back
what people thought was going to be this
this huge monetary gusher, you know,
from Trump appointed leadership of the
Fed.
>> But we've also seen a huge selloff in
cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin. Um,
so that's sort of like the ultimate
speculative asset. That doesn't seem
necessarily consistent with, you know,
what you were just saying. Maybe this
goes back to what I was saying last
week, which is that gold was somewhat of
a momentum trade. Like it had become
this thing that had sort of lost contact
with reality and was like a retail
thing, you know, where like,
>> you know, MPA were getting out there and
buying gold because they heard gold's
going up. to your point about this
speculative fervor. I mean, I really I
think we should start talking more about
crypto and what is going on in the
crypto market. Obviously, we know that
the price of Bitcoin is down
substantially, right? It was over
120,000 at one point last year. And so,
crypto did not participate in the gold
rally, which means that the the longtime
view that is crypto kind of digital
gold, maybe that disproved that a little
bit,
>> but now it's kind of falling with gold,
right? So, so if you if if gold coming
down is a sign of like oh okay people
are less worried about inflation and are
more comfortable with like um you know
uh long duration assets like you know
tech stocks are you would see crypto
rally so now I don't know what the heck
the correlation of crypto
>> I don't understand why you would ever
correlate Bitcoin with gold personally
that doesn't make sense to me gold is
seen as a safe asset Bitcoin is the
ultimate and speculative it's not really
tied to anything so I think that is like
Bitcoin is one of the riskier assets and
gold should be one of the safer ones. To
me, they shouldn't trade together.
>> Well, what I'm going to be looking at
this upcoming week to to start to make
sense of this are a couple of earnings.
One from Coinbase, one from Robin Hood.
These are obviously huge names in the
world of crypto trading. Coinbase has a
business that spans both kind of retail
and institutional crypto trading. Robin
Hood obviously has a big business in
addition to the other things it does in
options and equities and everything
else. As we talked about, Robin Hood
does a lot of things these days. Uh
crypto is a big business for them. Those
stocks have come off considerably this
year. They're both down more than 20% uh
year-to- date as we're talking. Um kind
of matching the move in crypto. Uh
Bitcoin is down about 20%. When we say
crypto, we use we use Bitcoin as sort of
a proxy. I
>> But there are a lot of other ones.
>> There's a lot of other crypto. So, what
those companies say about what they're
seeing in their customers and what's
going on with their volumes,
>> I think might tell us something about
what the crypto market
>> Here's one thing I don't understand,
though. I with Coinbase, I get it.
Coinbase, in addition to being a trading
platform or like custody, the, you know,
crypto assets for you. So, lower values
of crypto should probably correspond to
lower revenues for Coinbase. But with
Robin Hood, isn't all trading revenue
for them? Don't they just make money
when people trade? So, if people buy, if
people sell, shouldn't they be making
money? Maybe there's something about
Robin Hood's business that I don't
understand.
>> No, no. I I I think that's right to a
degree. I don't think that we
necessarily know the one for one
relationship between the price of
Bitcoin and like how much trading
happens. I think historically, and
they've talked about this in the past,
you know, lower lower price means lower
volume essentially like just the air
comes out of the crypto room.
>> Maybe that's that relationship is
breaking down. We should see the latest
evidence of that. Also um you know when
when the price of Bitcoin comes down and
it falls it so falls so substantially I
mean we're talking almost half of what
it was at one point last year that means
that even if you are buying and selling
a lot just the amount of dollars
>> the the notional volume of your trade
has shrunk and you know these guys make
money not just from like every time you
trade but the size of the trade in
dollar terms like a percentage of a
percentage of
>> so there's some element of that now
obviously if
>> so if crypto is one of the biggest
things traded on Robin Hood and it's
worth less you Most of these coins are
worth less than Yeah.
>> You look at other brokerage stocks,
Charles Schwab,
>> their stock is up this year. Interactive
Brokers, which is even more kind of
active trading related, their stock is
up this year as well. So, it doesn't
seem like there's this wash out in kind
of investors belief in brokerage and
speculative activity. I think it's a
crypto thing
>> and maybe it's also just like this
overall momentum thing like maybe people
are starting to say okay things have
gotten too heated in a variety of
categories and a lot of it's been driven
by the retail customers who use Robin
Hood
>> well and interestingly too and this will
connect to our next big topic of what's
going on in software if it if if
investors are worried about crypto if
they're not worried about people in
general right okay people will still buy
and sell stocks people aren't going to
like pack up and put cash under the
mattress So, you know, they they like
stocks of Charles Schwab or Interactive
Brokers, but they don't like Robin Hood
right now. They also don't like the
other poll, which is like alternative
assets, the retail push into things like
private credit and private equity. And
you've seen a big
>> getting really nervous about that. And
there there are a variety of reasons
behind that. Some which are grounded in
fact, and some which might just be more
in sentiment.
>> Tell us about what happened in software
this past week and how it relates to
what's going on with those alternative
asset managers, too.
>> So, we saw Yeah. big sell-offs in the
NASDAQ driven by software stocks. Um,
Anthropic released a new product or
announced a new product. I don't even
know how available it is at this point,
but basically it's um an AI uh tool for
legal purposes. And people saw that as
being a big threat to software stocks,
saying, "Oh, maybe companies won't buy
software as a service." these big
software companies that have made so
much money um over the past few years
and have become such a popular trade um
because they'll just be able to create
what they need with an AI tool. Um and
so that drove not only big software
stock sell-offs but also selloffs in
lenders to software companies that sit
in private equity portfolios. So a lot
of private equity firms have bought
software companies because of this
recurring revenue this you know these
cash the cash flow that they generate
>> because the whole model of cloud is it's
not just like the old days when okay you
want you know you want Lotus one 123 you
go buy a copy of Lotus what you walk
into
>> stick the floppy disc we walk into to
Babages or whatever you buy the box you
take it home you stick right now of
course we get our software over the
internet and you pay a a regular fee
like you do for Netflix or
>> something and it's like per seat so
right So like if you're a worker at a
company, the company pays for your
license and every month they pay for
that.
>> And and the theory was it's not like
Netflix where you know you can cancel it
at any time. It's like you subscribe to
these you have contracts, you're tied
into them for years. It's impossible to
like
>> the entire architecture for your company
is in many cases built on this. So this
this made it a very popular play not
only for public markets but also for
private markets and um a lot of the
loans to those private market companies
were made by private credit providers
like Blue Owl, Aries etc. And so those
stocks sold off a lot too. And the
BDC's, the business development
companies, which are basically, you
know, direct lenders, lenders to these
kinds of companies sold off.
>> But I think a little bit of that and
maybe some of the software selloff
itself, probably a good amount of it was
overblown because it's been pretty
indiscriminate. Yeah. Not every software
is, you know, piece of software is going
to be disrupted by AI and it's not going
to happen overnight if it does.
>> Yeah. our hard colleague Dan Gallagher
um who is really an expert in this stuff
you know he wrote after that big
software selloff he said look you know
it takes a long time to replace these
things and even if there is some
disruption to them from oh okay I can do
the same thing by just asking claude to
do it for me right anthropics AI tool or
chatbt or whatever I don't need to pay
for this software anymore well but those
companies are also adding AI into their
into how their software operates right
and some of the companies we're talking
about here are the um you know uh the
the sales forces of the world, right?
Like companies that sell you day-to-day
business software
>> that companies aren't going to just
throw out software that they use to
manage like very sensitive customer
relationships
um overnight. It's it you know it it
would be very risky at this point to say
okay we're going to you know replace
that with AI.
>> Well and remember the big deepseek
catastrophe for AI last
>> which happened almost like about a year
ago. And where did AI stocks go from
there?
>> Up, right? So there was a big scare
because of a new AI related technology
and you know stocks sold off and if you
bought then you would have made money.
So I think there could be a buying
opportunity right now in software um for
those who are willing to stomach the
negative headlines for a little bit.
Plus I think that you know some of these
lenders have also sold off too much.
Apollo for example has been out there
saying they already sold off a lot of
their software exposure. They see
software as a risk and they're not very
exposed on the equity side or on the
debt side to software.
>> Timely. Timely. Apollo's earnings report
is coming up this upcoming week. That's
one I think to watch closely. There's
also TSLX uh which is a uh a BDC backed
by Sixth Street again a giant private
asset investor. That's another one I
think uh they often have a very
interesting investor letter that
addresses kind of big topics in in
private credit. That'll be a very
interesting one to watch as well.
>> I agree. Well, I want to highlight
actually so we've been talking about we
we've been, you know, in a conversation
with our audience about how they invest
and as we've discussed, a lot of people
are buy and hold and like to kind of
think a little longer term and and I I
looked back and we actually had an
interesting thought from from one uh
audience member um Jed Carroll uh he
wrote in to to talk about things that
he's thinking about and one thing was
that he was already on top of the idea.
He said machine learning is driving a
debt bubble in the US. AI won't go away,
but we could have something like the
telecom bubble. Uh, so some of our
listeners, I think we're already kind of
thinking about risks here. But but also,
but I I I asked Jed, you know, I said,
"Hey, by the way, do you have any
reactions to like what's happened most
recently in software?" And he said
something interesting. He said uh he
said he thought that the software runs
are irrational. Uh that successful AI
implementation is helped by structured
data. And that's one thing I I thought
that was a really interesting comment
because I've heard the same thing from
some lenders to to software companies
talking about how look one reason that
we invested in this particular company
is because they're not just like some
piece of software that does something
that sure could be automated. It's like
they also manage your data and hold your
data and that's proprietary data that
you can't just like you can't just wipe
that away. You'd have to rethink your
whole kind of architecture of your
company. So there so so so I think it's
interesting that that that that the Jed
is sort of thinking about this like all
right you know yeah there there's bubbly
stuff but also some of this stuff might
be overstated so uh always interesting
to to to to see how our audience is is
thinking about this stuff
>> and speaking of a bubble hima who I
spoke with for WSJ Invest Live which is
coming up next um addressed the issue of
a bubble sort of he got into it I asked
him about it um
>> well he was a perfect person to talk to
about this right and he's an investor
and anthropic the thing that set this
whole software selloff in motion
>> for listeners who don't know I mean he's
a legendary venture capital investor
right like he has and and he's the CEO
of general catalyst and they have backed
companies like Airbnb Stripe Snap I mean
some of the biggest kind of venture
successes so he's been doing this for a
long time and and and you talked to him
about how and when and why he got into
AI and it he wasn't necessarily doing it
right at the very beginning
>> either it actually took him a to be
convinced. And we'll hear more about why
that is coming up in a bit. [music]
>> Hello.
I'm going to dive right in. Um, so the
Wall Street Journal has reported that
Anthropic, which you invested in, and
Open AI are in a race to go public this
year at huge valuations. Meanwhile, JP
Morgan is estimating 5.3 trillion in
spending on AI infrastructure and data
centers over the next 5 years. Are we in
a bubble?
>> Oh boy. Um,
>> starting off with a big one.
>> Starting off with a big one. So, look, I
would say um it's very nuance and I
always say this, bubbles are good
because they actually mobilize talent
and capital into important areas. So,
let's not be afraid of bubbles. But I
will say it's sort of more nuanced
because on one side you're seeing uh
real application of AI and how it's
transforming product labor into
productivity. I think that's a huge
economic opportunity. We can talk about
the complexities of it. But on the other
side, there is a lot of um sort of
science project stuff being funded
around is there a better model out there
that's going to beat open AI and
anthropic and Gemini. And so there's a
ton of capital going into the venture
capital industry around things that are
unclear what will happen to them. But
then there's also a lot more where the
bigger economic opportunities that is
practical. So it's it's it's it's not
quite simple an answer there.
>> I don't know if you fully answered that
question but maybe we'll get more to it
later in the interview. So you first in
invested in Anthropic last year at I
think a 61.5 billion valuation. Why did
you wait so long to invest in an LLM?
And has your view of that business model
evolved?
>> I'll tell you. So, I've been investing
for 25 years in venture and this has
just been the hardest time because these
um these models take a lot of capital
and so how much capital would you put at
risk before you know there's a practical
application. So, when we invested at $60
billion valuation, the business was
doing approximately about $880 million
run rate uh on a revenue basis. And
[snorts] we modeled it to be, okay,
we'll probably do two to three billion,
which was last year. And now it's
starting to look like there's a real
business. We're still paying 18 months
ahead. Um uh but we can start to see
what these things are going to become in
terms of real applications. There was a
cloud code application emerging. You
could see the the that this is not just
a the promise of AI, but other real good
economics that you could get behind. And
I think the market just significantly
changed. We did not invest in these
things before that cuz we couldn't get
our arms around them.
>> Really interesting. Are you worried
about the argument that this was brought
up last night that Yan Lun has been
making that the current big LLMs have
reached a dead end and can't get
smarter?
>> Look, Jan's been saying that for a
while. I think the the the there are two
things happening. One is um scaling laws
have continued to uh um work and that's
actually the the fundamental belief as
to why there's so much infrastructure
spent going in because with more
capital, more compute, more energy, you
could continue to scale these models. So
I do think there's uh that hasn't really
changed but intuitively I do think
language is a constraining view of the
world. uh and you think about the fact
that as human beings we understood uh an
an appreciate an appreciated the
universe and sort of put it in language
and these models are based off of that
and Jan's thesis around well there's
this world model which is observe the
world in a different way than sort of
being constrained by language and could
you create a next level of intelligence
theoretically that's possible and I do
think there are good teams working on
that attempt but that does not mean that
the potential for language models has uh
tapped out
>> so On a recent episode of WSJ's Take on
the Week podcast, um we discussed how
the hyperscalers say that there will be
only one winner in sort of this AI race
and is that do you think that's true?
And what about with the LLMs? Do you
think there will be only one winner? Is
this a winner take all market?
>> See, I I don't subscribe to that. So if
you think about the the the three models
that have scales, you've got enthropic,
open AI, you've got Gemini, you would
say enthropic, every one of them has a
killer app that's actually now driving
the use of the models. Obviously there's
a general intelligence that they're
building. But if you are if you go
understand what Anthropic is doing with
cloud, it truly is about how does
software get written and and what is our
relationship with software as we sort of
digitize our businesses. It's it's a
killer app. It's working really well. Uh
I mean it's becoming more and more
powerful. Um if you look at uh open AI,
yeah, they talk about enterprise
business, but a lot of the attraction is
really is chat GPT. It's a ubiquitous
application changed all of our lives. We
all sound a lot smarter in our cocktail
conversations because of it. Um and uh I
think there's a business there. And
Gemini
uh if you look at Google is actually
more in the consumer end as well. So
they are they really are becoming app
companies that have models underneath.
uh the horizontal uh opportunity of you
know is there going to be one model that
takes on is hard to believe. I really do
think they'll specialize in different
areas.
>> So many companies are talking about
integrating AI into their operations
right now and everyone's investing a
huge amount but so far it seems like you
know the gains from that investment
haven't quite showed up in a lot of
different areas. Where have you seen it
most successfully integrated and why do
you think that was success? So, so I
think first thing when we talk about
enterprise diffusion of AI, you have to
understand what are all the things that
have to happen uh for this to really
work. So, from our standpoint, uh you
need your data infrastructure to be
ready, which is a lot of the draft
behind data bricks and companies like
that. You need the models to be adapted
to your language, your secret sauce,
your understanding of the business. And
then you have to think about this
immense workforce transformation because
you're going to have human beings and AI
agents all working together. Some humans
are managing agents, some agents are
managing humans. There's a fundamentally
different organizational structure of a
company going to get run. What does
culture really mean? All those things
have to be rethought. So [snorts] when
you when you look at all that and you
say all this really started 3 years ago,
this idea that this was going to diffuse
so fast uh uh to me was a bit of a
fool's ear. So it does take some time.
Now we fund a lot of companies and we
build a lot of companies that are taking
on this problem and I look at their
progress uh and the pace of progress
it's actually pretty stunning and we
will look in 5 years and say uh the the
labor productivity mix is fundamentally
changing and I I'll give you an example
of that. We uh launched a company called
Hypocratic AI. This was about two and a
half years ago. We got a lot of health
systems to made over 10 million phone
calls fully automated in hospitals
checking on patients either the ones
that uh had a procedure the day before
or the ones that are about to come in to
make sure they're ready. Uh that would
have cost $90 an hour with a nurse and
we don't have enough nurses and that's
now being done at you know a tenth the
cost and you can actually take care of
so many more patients as a result. So 10
million phone calls will become 10
billion phone calls just in terms of
just scaling compute capacity. And
there's organizations saying they're
going to go deeper. So you're starting
to see examples like this where there
truly is the potential of fast
diffusion. And I've said this before,
last year was the year diffusion truly
started to take hold. We started to
understand how it's really going to work
and it will be on a relatively
accelerated path.
>> It seems like the reward for
successfully integrating AI is a lot of
job loss. Yeah.
>> So like for the average person how is AI
actually benefiting them in their lives?
>> So I think first thing is um this is
where the trickiness of u adoption of AI
comes in that there's a fourth element
to how companies have to adopt which is
the courage of the leadership because if
you bring AI in there's a fundamental
fear that uh what happens to my jobs and
and what I advise we do a lot of work
with organizations on their AI
transformation. And I always say don't
focus on trying to drive efficiency
uh with AI. Focus on your growth. And
what that does is your people have more
interesting work to do. They grow. They
are excited about winning together as
opposed to efficiency means there's
going to be a job loss. So first thing
is culturally how do you really
transition yourself to be an AI?
>> So are you saying there shouldn't be job
loss?
>> Well, no. I'm saying so I think in terms
of being adopted that's the case. Job
loss is a real thing. I think in the
short term we actually need more jobs.
We need people to learn how to train. We
actually need education and curriculum
to change so we're better at taking
advantage of these promp prompting
technologies uh in in our day-to-day
work. I think medium-term there's new
kinds of jobs that we can envision. So
if you go back to the nurse example I
gave, if it's effectively free to check
up on our elderly, you would
fundamentally rethink the care model for
a part of healthcare that's almost half
the cost which is taking care of uh you
know folks that are above 6570 in the US
healthcare system. There's a whole
infrastructure that would get created
around that to go drive that abundance.
long-term I do think there's a really
issue around what happens with jobs
because and I do think it's different
this time than all the examples people
give from before because never ever was
there a case that every skill in any job
can be better done by AI and robotics
which is I think where we're headed in
the next not 5 years but 20 to 30 years
so we do have a long-term issue that we
have to address but in the short term I
do think it creates opportunity uh as as
long as we're focused on reskilling uh
people to take advantage of AI
effectively.
>> Do you think that governments should
play a role in preparing for that
long-term issue?
>> We all need to. I think it's a
responsibility of businesses. It's a
responsibility of government. It's not
going to happen unless there's sort of
true public private partnership on
thinking about changing the education
curriculum. It's thinking about changing
uh and being accelerated about
reskilling people into new skills. Like
this is not the thing that we should
wait 10 years and figure out how to deal
with. We should be working on this. Now,
[music]
>> I want to switch gears a little bit.
Last week, you were one of the few CEOs
to make a public statement following the
shooting of a protester by an ICE agent
in Minneapolis. You wrote on X that what
we were seeing was quote a threat to the
promise of America. Why do you think
that other leaders aren't speaking out?
There must be others who agree with you.
Yeah, look, we um we're sort of in a
really interesting time um because
everybody that's trying to create a
voice optimizes for what do I do on
social media and by definition it puts
you go makes you go to the fringes and
the crazier the positions you take, the
more you get a voice and then you sort
of rationalize to yourself, well, I have
voice now and I can do what I think is
the right thing and you sort of decouple
how you communicate from what your
actions are. And I think that's a broken
phenomenon. And so um you know people
take these radical views on both sides.
And we have as a as a business you know
explicitly said we're just going to be
apolitical. We're going to focus on
policy. We're we're going to focus on
role of business in society and also
figure out how to build businesses that
drive opportunity for everybody. That's
actually fundamentally what this
election was all about. It really was
about creating opportunity for
everybody. And so when we deviate from
that and we don't speak up on moments
like this where these things are
blatantly wrong, I do think that's a
lost opportunity for business leaders to
be leaders in society and and uh we want
to take a position on that.
>> So speaking of building a business,
General Catalyst has launched a number
of new strategies including a private
wealth business which may have led to
the speculation last year that you were
planning to go public. Uh are you
planning to go public?
>> No. Okay. [laughter]
So, if you're not planning to go public,
could you tell us a little bit more what
the rationale was behind these new
businesses?
>> Yeah, look, I think so, we've been
around for 25 years. We've backed
companies like Kayak and Stripe and
Airbnb and Snap and uh Andrew and
Anthropic and others. And uh and our
business at the end of the day is all
about uh helping great founders build
enduring companies. So everything we do,
one lens to look at it is are we meeting
founders where they are and are we
giving them unfair advantages to win and
so everything we've done has been in
that cost. We we we care deeply about
relationships. We call it our familia
and part of having a deep relationship
with our founder community and our
broader ecosystem is help them deal with
their wealth uh issues. So the goal is
not to build build the biggest wealth
management business. It's really to
serve them. um you know we got into the
healthcare business uh that was all
about how do we actually create
conditions for healthcare founders to
figure out how to solve problems at
scale.
>> You actually bought a hospital.
>> We bought a hospital. I have seven of
our companies uh that I'm actively
working with designing what is a AI
native hospital going to look like and
go do it at the hospital we bought. We
didn't buy it as an investment out of
our funds. be right of our balance sheet
actually to create conditions and create
a model that other uh institutions
across the country can actually be
adopting as well. And so all of our all
of our businesses that you look at are
essentially transformation
infrastructure that our founders can
plug into because at the end of the day
AI is a transformative opportunity. It
it the biggest value is going to occur
to companies that have the courage to
transform because they have the data,
they have the customers, they have the
scale and that's where AI can do its
magic.
I think we're out of time. Thank you so
much.
>> Thanks for having me.
[music]
>> [music]
>> I'm glad I went to the mirror before
this cuz I had a little pen explosion
issue and apparently I [laughter] had
like, you know, absent- mindedly done
this and I just had like a big blue
streak.